Hey I'm Justin with AmericanMuscle.com, and
I'm taking a closer look at this custom fit
bra from Covercraft, fitting all 2010-2012
Mustang GTs.
Covercraft has been making quality products
for many years to help protect your Mustang
from all kinds of dangers.
This bra in particular is going to be your
cure for rock chips and other paint damaging
road debris, whether you use it day to day,
on long road trips, or getting to and from
your next show.
Ok, so bras may not be the most popular aesthetic
mod you can do to the front of your Mustang,
but when it comes down to protecting your
cars paint, there really is no better way.
The first thing I noticed when taking a closer
look at this bra, is the quality of materials
used.
Covercraft went with a very thick, leathery
textured black material, that will no doubt
protect your car's paint from rock chips and
other small dents.
Flipping this thing over you'll find a very
soft felt like material, that's not going
to harm your car's paint while the bra is
in place.
The best part is all these materials are completely
breathable, so it's going to allow any clear
coat damaging heat and moisture to escape.
Besides these quality materials, you can see
this is not some generic one size fits all
product here.
This bra from Covercraft has been customized
specifically to the lines of these 2010 through
2012 cars, and fits perfectly in all the right
areas.
This bra also features cutouts and intake
screens, to protect your car's radiator whilst
still allowing air to enter.
Finally you'll notice the 2 mini spoilers
on the hood section, which Covercraft does
implement into a lot of their bras, and are
designed to keep the bra from flapping around
at highway speeds.
Installing the bra for the first time should
only take you 30 minutes to an hour but once
you get the hang of it, taking the bra on
and off becomes a much quicker and easier
process.
So if you're looking for unmatched protection
for the front end of your 2010 through 2012
Mustang GT, then you have to check out this
custom fit bra from Covercraft, available
right here at AmericanMuscle.com